[00:04] Speaker 1: Good evening. Good evening and probably good night for you. Oh, yes. And I am Tudor May, by the way. What would you like me to call you? My name is Anatoly. Thank you, Anatoly. And how are you tonight? I'm good. Thank you. How are you? I'm doing good as well. Thank you for asking. And how's the weather today where you live? I live in Moscow, and the weather here was cold, relatively cold. I think it was about plus 10, plus 11 degrees, and it is colder than usual in this period of time. But tomorrow we will have more, maybe plus 17, something like this. I see, so it will be more comfortable tomorrow. yes oh by the way when does autumn start in moscow uh what when does autumn start in moscow september oh it has already started i see yes yes okay thank you so much for telling me about uh yourself uh anatoly and

[01:29] Speaker 1: You have sent me a link. I've seen that. But before that, you wanted to do a little bit of self introduction, right? Okay, yes, and let me start. I'm Anatoly from Russia, from Moscow. My occupation is accounting, I work as an accountant. My hobby is traveling, reading books, watching movies, and also I like exploring AI tools, different tools, and this... Presentation is one example. After I booked your class, I saw that you mentioned in your preferences the favorite movie, this movie, Catch You If You Can. And I created this presentation using AI. Aha! i see oh that's why this is a presentation that you created thank you so much for actually looking at my preference i watched that movie a long long time ago i cannot remember the details but i remember the feeling i had when i watched it

[02:43] Speaker 1: Okay. Okay, I think it's my turn to introduce myself. I am May from the Philippines. I live in the southern part of the Philippines. And when I'm not teaching, what I like to do is gardening. I really like planting vegetables. And my favorite vegetable is a lot of people don't like it. It's called bitter melon. It's very bitter, but very healthy. mm-hmm and I also like singing so every Tuesday we do karaoke at home mm-hmm that's what you do all right so let me just go ahead and download the PDF okay because my class and before before they go do you like watching movies

[03:40] Speaker 1: yes i do but nowadays i couldn't because i'm really busy in my garden yes yes could you look to this link at this link of my favorite movies on this imdb database and which movie from this list did you watch oh let me see one moment okay

[04:09] Speaker 1: Oh, The King's Speech. I've seen this one. Okay. And then Love, actually. I've seen that one. I'm not certain, but I've seen The Breakfast at Tiffany's, but I was really, really young. I can't remember it anymore. I saw The Notebook already. And then, let me see. The Breakfast Club. And I was really young and I couldn't remember a lot of it. And then, I know Friends, but I'm not sure if I saw the movie or the series. And I'm, one moment, I'm on the 29th. Okay. Those are the ones that I can remember. Okay. Let me add here this presentation. Okay. This movie I also watched a long time ago, but I refreshed my memories about this movie last time after I booked your class. You can go through this presentation. What we do, we can discuss each slide, saying opinion about the main idea of the slide, what we remember, our attitude. Not exactly written, because we don't have time to read it,

[06:06] Speaker 1: all because this material is quite quite huge and yes yes so catch me if you can you really uh describe it well with the words glamour deception and the chase right

[06:27] Speaker 1: Yes, and also we have here slide divided for two parts, red and something like formal. Probably it represents the full of dangerous life of main character and formal life of detective who persuade him. like yes and i think it was tom hanks if i remember it correctly the fbi agent who followed leonardo dicaprio around right uh during his life as a criminal

[07:13] Speaker 1: I'm not sure that it was Tom Hanks, by the way. Maybe it was somebody else. DiCaprio, yes, but about the detective, I'm not completely sure. Maybe you are right. Let me search. Oh, yes, it is him, Tom Hanks. Yes. Okay. So I really like this design actually, Anatole. So what AI you used on this one, by the way? uh could you look on the corner on the right side beneath the main part it is a gemini notebook very small gemini i see okay so please pardon me pardon me if i circle a few things okay because i really like it

[08:07] Speaker 1: yes yes i also like it very much even i use it already a relatively long time but how they create this presentations it is very beautiful sometimes yes it's beautiful yes it is and you know what i like this part like it looks like the paper was folded

[08:37] Speaker 1: Yes, yes, yes. I also did these details and some spots here, and also how we could attach it. Let me choose it. I mean this one. All paperclips. Paperclips, yes. The paperclips, yes. As well as the tear. the tear like the paper is torn right here that part that's really good those are my favorite parts so um you really captured the main idea of the movie uh in this particular slide so what can you remember about the movie anatoly

[09:29] Speaker 1: I remember that Frank, the main character of DiCaprio, Frank Abangeo, by the way, I'm on the slide number two now, and he's a quite attractive person, even if he plays a criminal, but the audience, I think they feel

[09:57] Speaker 1: toward him quite in good way. The attitude of audience has something positive toward him. and opposite of him was the hunter Carl, Carl Harnatti and he is punctual, methodist, methodical and they communicated

[10:34] Speaker 1: as enemies but also kind of maybe with respect toward each other and even they establish in the end good relationships and they gained respect from other opposite side yes the audience you're right really sympathize with Frank because of his back story about his parents getting divorced

[11:04] Speaker 1: And that was why he ran away from home, right? Yes, yes, correct. And because Carl, the FBI agent, saw how good he really was, although he was using it for criminal actions or fraud, He was really undoubtedly good, right? At what he does. Yes, yes. Yes, I agree. So that's why there's a sense of respect that he cannot just lack of when he tries to catch him because he really is a good criminal. Yes. Okay. So what was your favorite part? Number three? Mm-hmm. Yes. OK. Slide number three, Breezy Masterpiece. OK. It is about a stylish Breezy . You can see here a picture of a passport and keys here, and some stamps, custom immigration. OK. and maybe it reflects what we said now this one you can't help supporting the quick with the dynamic attitude to my favorite corn artist that's right he was so good at doing his uh um thing that even if he was doing something bad you can't help but admire him but respect that he really has talent right

[12:49] Speaker 1: And if we move to slide number four, we have here a presentation of his family. And this family was broken. Yes, I like this part. Yes, yes. Where the broken pieces connects to how he became after, from here to here. Yes, and here we can see also his first money he gained or maybe he took it from his father also without and something related to Mambaro credit card here also presents and so many other cards

[13:51] Speaker 1: yes he had a lot of um personalities and names um you remember he actually um big um passed the lawyer licensure exam without going to school right yes yes part of the movie

[14:15] Speaker 1: Yes, also very good. And I saw lots of video clips from this movie in YouTube. And for example, very memorable, how he played a substitute teacher in the college, yes. Yes. And do you remember that scene when he asked a lot of flight attendants to walk together with him so that they can block the view of the FBI agent so that he does not catch them? Yes. That was one of my favorite parts. And when he fell in love with a girl who caught him having a lot of money inside the room, money was flying all over the room. Yes. I really like that movie. How about you? What's your favorite part in that movie? I remember the scene from college. when he played this role. I remember when his detective caught him in the room and he said that he is another representative of Secret Service and after that he left the room and said goodbye and

[15:50] Speaker 1: Also, as a fly, as a pilot, it is one of the main, maybe part of this movie, when he played the role as a pilot. also about his experience of my exams for a lawyer according to this movie

[16:22] Speaker 1: And as I read according to real life of main character because it is a character of course with some imagined facts but it is basically based on real faith of real person. And a real person also passed exam, not from the first time, exam for lawyers. But he figured out that because system allow it to pass, to make attempts as many as a person wants, and after one, two, three attempts he already figured out how tests worked and because he had good abilities and good memory and so on he was able to pass this exam by himself not because of fault

[17:37] Speaker 1: Yes, that is correct. He really is clever, right? Yes, yes. And now I'm on the slide number seven. And what we can do, we can incorporate, if you don't mind, into our conversation AI as a virtual Frank. Oh, yes. You want me to pretend that I'm Frank? Yes, okay. Miles, we are now in English class and I'm Anatoli and May, our teacher and we have other theme for our class. We discuss the movie Catch Me If You Can. and we'd like to ask you to play a role of Frank and maybe we would ask you some questions. I'm in, let's do it. I've got my pilot's license and my best fake IDs ready. I'm all yours, what do you want to know or where do we start? Okay, do you like make people adapt? Do you like this deal? Frowning people and to gain the money not in an honest way. Look, fraud is such a heavy word, you know what I'm saying? I prefer to think of it as a high-level game of wit. I didn't set out to hurt anyone, I just found out that most people see exactly what they want to see.

[19:21] Speaker 1: If I could provide a little excitement and a first-class ticket along the way, why not? Does that make me a bad guy, or just a guy who knows how to read the room? Okay, and maybe you can ask a question, our virtual friend. My favorite part of the movie was when you actually use stickers from toy model planes to create checks and cash them out. So how did you do it? Ah, the toy planes. That's the real hardware right there. It's all about the details, you know? I realize that if you just take the logos and the fine print from those model kits and align them perfectly, the bank tellers don't even look at the paper. They just see the brand. It was basically a puzzle. I just had to be confident, keep a smile on my face, and move fast before they started asking questions. Pretty slick, right? Yes. Do you think your being a good-looking person also helps? Oh, absolutely. Let's reveal a sharp suit and a confident smile to have more for you. If you don't question it, it looks like he belongs in the room.

[20:45] Speaker 1: It's like a cheat code for life. If you look the part, they just assume the rest is true. You know what I'm saying? Okay, I stopped it. And how do you find it? Oh, I find it interesting. Thanks for this experience. I stopped it, okay. Yes, it's very interesting to incorporate AI for role play like this. Yes, and thank you for helping me experience that. This is my first time doing it in this class. Oh, you really like AI. What's your favorite AI, by the way, among all the AIs you've tried? My favorite is probably Deep Seek and for these conversations I use Sesame. Let me give you a link here. Sesame is also a free service. There are two characters, the male and female. And also I experience it with other AI. Last what I discovered

[21:58] Speaker 1: Let's look to this page. It is a game which I also created using another AI. It is that AI. Can you see it? Yes, there's a red bar, catch me if you can, and a flying plane. This looks really good. Yes, yes. And click on the open the case. Open case, okay. And then I see... Yes, let's pick, for example, the first one, classroom bug. Okay, I'll click it for you. And what we can see, how does Frank's story end? Oh, okay. And do you know the answer? I know, actually. Oh, I can't remember how it ended, to be honest. It is number two. Number two. Number two. He becomes FBI consultant on bank security. If you click on it and click next question. Next question. Next question probably difficult to, it is specific. It was mentioned in this presentation, but I don't remember these numbers. I clicked randomly. Number four is correct question. Yes, I thought so, 15, because I knew he was a minor at that time. Yes, and so on. And if we come back to bureau, back to the bureau, yes, evidence safe, what is next?

[23:37] Speaker 1: We can see, we can connect definition, term and definitions. For example, Bar Exam, if you click Bar Exam on the left side, and if you click... Confidential, Legendary, okay. Law Licensing Exam, I think. And we can see that it is correct. On the left side, Bar Exam, on the right side, the Law Licensing Exam. Yes, it turns green if you get the correct answer. Yes, yes. This is very exciting. Yes, yes. And if we come back to previous again folder. Okay, and that is difficult. Maybe, who is who? Who's who? Yes. Whose words are these? You didn't have enough else to call. as i know it was said by carl hontari the first one yes you got it right number two okay yes and actually we don't have time because thank you for this new experience anatomy i i'm supposed to be your tutor for tonight but you showed me a lot of things that were new to me

[25:08] Speaker 1: Thank you very much. And also, let me give you a link. On this link, after maybe half an hour, you will see a description together with our conversation. A description of the class, actually. It says now, description of slides, but instead of it, last link. You will see after half hour our conversation. Oh, thank you so much. Is it okay if I ask for the game that you just sent me? What AI did you use for that? Okay, yes, okay, one second, I will give you link. It is a Chinese new model and it works perfect in some, maybe, cases. A little bit slowly, but presentation... The presentation was created by this link. The presentation was created by one tool, Gemini, and this game was created by this tool. Ah, I see. Thank you so much for entertaining my questions, Anatoly. I really appreciate you. Thank you for this class. Bye. Thank you as well. Bye-bye now.

---
Generated by AudioConvert.ai | Free, accurate audio transcription. (Watermark removable.)