[00:00] Speaker 1: Of, of, of feeling peace. And, uh, but again, even when we are in situations like that, we need to address those feelings, trying to always, uh, finding the golden mean too. Because it's not fair that we, uh, take it to an extreme. "Ah, yes, I'm being so horrible. I'm the worst person in this world." It's not like that either. You don't need to keep punishing yourself to the extreme. No. What is... When we fail like that, what, what will be a good solution finding the golden mean? When we know that we made a mistake. Imagine that, I don't know, I said something horrible to Alexa, and I feel bad, so bad because she des- she didn't deserve it, and I didn't mean it, and I sa- I made a stupid mistake. It was because I was having a problem at, at home and, and I overreacted. Gina, how can I find a golden mean after [beeping] saying something horrible to poor Alexa that she didn't deserve? And I feel so bad. How can you help me? What do you tell me?

[01:14] Speaker 2: The most, uh, I think the most important thing that you know that you made the mistake. You, you, you are aware that you made that mistake. So, uh, I think that mostly, uh, you feel, uh, l- For example, you said something bad to Alexa. You will feel the, the, the urge to, to apologize, of course, but maybe so- for some reason you won't feel brave to do it sometimes.

[01:55] Speaker 1: Mm-hmm.

[01:55] Speaker 2: It happens.

[01:57] Speaker 1: Maybe we don't-

[01:58] Speaker 2: And-

[01:58] Speaker 1: May- maybe we don't have the courage to do it because we know I don't know how to talk to her. I, I was so bad, I cannot even find the strength to do it. I, she's going to hate me. She's no- she's not going to open the door. She's, she's not going to listen to me. We can have doubts. We can... But how do we, you know? The important thing is what you're saying, Gina. Yes, carry on. You're, you're doing great. What else can we do to try to find the golden mean even in a bad situation? How do we do it? I- imagine that Alexa doesn't want to talk to me ever again, no matter what I do. I try to apologize. How can I carry on trying to find a golden mean? I already lost her. I mean, she's no longer my friend. She, she, she closed the door because she was so offended that there's nothing that she wants to do with me, and I cannot change that. How can I carry on?

[02:53] Speaker 2: There's, there's nothing you can do about to change, uh, to change her opinion, I think.

[03:01] Speaker 1: Yes.

[03:01] Speaker 2: So you carry on.

[03:03] Speaker 1: Good. No, all right, I carry on, but don't I need to learn anything from what happened?

[03:10] Speaker 2: You learn from your mistake that-

[03:13] Speaker 1: All right. Yeah, okay

[03:16] Speaker 2: ... to, to think more before you say a- anything maybe.

[03:23] Speaker 1: Yes. So yesterday I missed the mark. When I miss, when I say I missed the mark, you understand what I mean? The, the, the, this metaphor. Imagine that I'm shooting with an bow and arrow, the, the, uh, Paulette's favorite weapon. If there's a fa- weapon that Paulette loves, it's the bow and arrow. Yes? So yes, Paulette, do you like bow and arrow? Well, imagine that I'm like Robin Hood and I want to shoot a target. Yes? So if I don't hit the target, I miss my mark. I missed it because I m- I, I couldn't shoot right. So yesterday I missed the mark with Alexa. I dropped the ball, the Americans will say. I, I, I made a mistake. I screwed things up. I, I, whatever I did, I didn't do it right. I couldn't find my golden mean because as you said, Gina, I sl- I spoke too fast in, in a horrible tone. I didn't control my f- my emotions.

[04:29] Speaker 1: Yesterday I missed the mark, but tomorrow I need to learn from my mistake, and I'm going to adjust my way in order not to miss again or not to miss in the same way because life carries on, and we need to always try our best to find the golden mean. Yeah?

[04:52] Speaker 2: But, but sometimes maybe you will feel bad that you lost someone, maybe like, like Alexa maybe. You will feel bad about it.

[05:05] Speaker 1: I, I will, and I will always feel bad about it, but I n- but, uh, I... If there's nothing else you can do, because no matter how much, uh, h- how many times you try or whatever, she doesn't want anything to do with me, I need to carry on. Yes. But I need to at least develop this practical wisdom to learn from my mistake so tomorrow I am better than I was yesterday. Yesterday I failed. Tomorrow I should n- try not to do the same mistake again. Yes? Now I'm going to adjust in order to find the golden mean. Next time that I get angry, I'm not going to react like that. Next time that I get shy, I'm not going to remain in silence. I'm going to try to find the strength to speak. Yes. Every little thing that we know that is more difficult for us. We, we know ourself, or that's the idea. We should. But what? Before we leave, I would like... Yeah, and thank you, Sheena, you did great.

[06:14] Speaker 1: Um, I would like us to, if you can, in a few words, whatever you wanna say, what do you think about this concept? Do you, uh, uh, do you think that you're going to think a little bit about this, uh, uh, i- in the future? You're going to maybe recognize it in a, in a better way? I mean, did you know about the golden mean before our sessions in these words? I mean, by Aristotle, you heard it before, you read about it before. Anatoliy, what do you think? What are you going to take from these sessions and this concept with you? If you need to pack it in your, in your little, you know, suitcase o- of memories and, and important things or not. What, what are you going to extract for these sessions, if you need to tell us?

[07:06] Speaker 3: Okay. Uh, maybe what was memorable, this picture and, uh, this image of a person, uh, who is able to go through difficulties and, uh, to find a way to escape, uh, m- problems. If, uh, the person sees in front of him, even in the distance, something, uh, which person, uh, like to achieve. Maybe it is, uh, uh, only one part, but, uh, for example, uh, practicing, uh, studying foreign language, English, uh, as a way, uh, to, uh, be, uh, uh, to have, uh, mm, possibility to communicate with people around the world also.

[08:03] Speaker 1: All right.

[08:04] Speaker 3: Yes. Also good. And, uh, uh, seeing, uh, different opinions, uh, people f- from different, uh, part of the worlds, uh, o- obviously could give a guide, uh, compass, uh, uh, to- toward, uh, some, uh, intentions or steps which we could implement.

[08:31] Speaker 1: Yeah. Good. Good. Well, thank you. And, uh, well, you're going to tell me afterwards-

[08:37] Speaker 3: Oh

[08:37] Speaker 1: ... if, if, if you did like the sessions like that, the topic, but thank you, Anatoliy. Paulette, my darling, if, if, is it okay for me to ask you now? I know that you have been thinking about this since the, we, the, the very beginning, you know. Now, after we, uh, one by one, we talk about the different virtues more formally, but what do you take with you regarding this golden mean concept?

[09:09] Speaker 4: I need to be honest, and I need to say it was, for me, important when I oversee my life to find in many things, uh, the golden mean to, to, to become, to give me rest, to become calm, and thinking about, uh, sometime, uh, some things. I enjoy it very much. Thank you.

[09:39] Speaker 1: [laughs] Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. All right. Do you think that you're going to be more, uh, aware of cer- certain situations when, now that we put words into our daily life, because we always are make-

[09:53] Speaker 4: But i- yes

[09:54] Speaker 1: ... interpreting these words. Uh-

[09:55] Speaker 4: You, you, you give me this-

---
Generated by AudioConvert.ai | Free, accurate audio transcription. (Watermark removable.)