[00:00] Speaker 1: It's not wrong, you know? I'm not a firefighter, but I am a lifeguard. I studied that. I trained for that. And I know that sometimes you can be so exhausted that what you need to do in or- no- in order not to drown is you need to stop and float. You can do that for a while. You cannot do it forever, or you're going to drown. You- the, the, the thing is, for a while you can catch your breath, you can pause and, and, uh, get your strength ba- back to keep on advancing, you know? That happens, too. And, and this concept may help us to, to, to do it, uh, in a better way. We all know how to do it because we are- we live our life trying to find a golden mean, even when we didn't put names like this to what we do, but I'm sure that it is like that. Because we can feel it. No one wants to feel like crap, you know? If, if, if we can find this satisfaction, peace, peace of mind, harmony, that is when we're seeing that the whole wor- world, it's aligned for us to feel fine.

[01:16] Speaker 1: I mean, that is almost... Alexa, she's a lady of faith. It's almost to be in grace, you know? To feel the state of grace. Something almost out of this world if we could. I know it's too much, but sometimes we can feel like that, as close as, uh... Perfection doesn't exist, Paulette, but, you know, peace, we can try to find it. Anyway, if you are with me a little bit more, we finish this, and I would like to, to hear any, any, any comment of you. But, uh, Sheena, little Sheena, would you read for us the last paragraph?

[01:52] Speaker 1: After the, the, the scale there between the firefighter and the rich man helping a poor person, I mean, can you-

[02:03] Speaker 2: Sure.

[02:03] Speaker 1: Please, the practical goal.

[02:06] Speaker 2: Oh. The practical goal of your daily life, therefore, is the cultivation-

[02:14] Speaker 1: Yes

[02:14] Speaker 2: ... of what Aristotle called por- phronesis. Yeah? Is it called like that?

[02:22] Speaker 1: Phronesis.

[02:23] Speaker 2: Phronesis.

[02:24] Speaker 1: Phronesis.

[02:26] Speaker 2: Or practical, uh, wisdom. This is the ul- ultimate achievement. Practical wisdom is a trained eye that sizes, that sizes up a situation in real time. It is the ability to pause before you speak in anger, to question whether your gen- generous, gen- generosity... Yeah? Gen-

[03:01] Speaker 1: Yes. Perfect. Beautiful

[03:02] Speaker 2: ... is actually enabling someone, or to ask yourself if your ambition is costing you your health. Uh-

[03:19] Speaker 1: Carry on, carry on. Read, read the whole thing. Come on. You can do it.

[03:23] Speaker 2: Yeah. Okay. You achieve the golden mean not by memorizing definitions, but by slowing down your reactions. When you feel the urge to explode or to hide or to boast or to retreat, you must train yourself to hesitate. In that hesitation lies your freedom. Ul- ultimately, uh-

[03:52] Speaker 1: Ultimate. Uh, the, it, you did it right, but the intonation. Ultimately. The emphasis. Ultimately.

[03:58] Speaker 2: Ultimately, uh, s- striving for the golden mean is a lifelong practice of returning to sophrosyne, that healthy-minded harmony of the soul. It is the daily, quiet work of adjusting yourselves. You will miss the mark often. You will lean into excess today and fall into deficiency tomorrow. But the goal is not immediate perfection. The goal is to become the kind of person who instinctively aims for the center, who aims for the center, who values balance over sen- sensation, and who understands that mastering oneself is the greatest and most beautiful work a human being can undertake.

[05:07] Speaker 1: Awesome. Very well done. Exactly that. A lot of words here, but, um, I would like to know your opinions. I mean, what, what did you get from, from, from, from this, my friends? I mean, uh, and do you agree with, with this? Or what was your aim and the connection with this? We, we were talking about the harmony, the sophrosyne. But mainly, um, it's like a full circle with this. It's remember always, we need to know who we are. Know thyself, you know? And then with that, we know where to, uh, be more careful with us in, in depending the si- the, the, the situations. I mean, we know who we are, so we know our flaws. We know that it's not difficult for, for instance, for, for someone to say, "Okay, I know that if someone provokes me, I'm going to react. I am easy to, to, to answer, e- e- to snap at someone." You know? Yes, Alexa?

[06:17] Speaker 3: Yeah. I just like, uh, similar a bit, uh, a part of the true one advice. If you're really very quick to explode with shouting and so, count firstly to 10, and then while, while you count, you maybe change your reaction or, or human concept.

[06:35] Speaker 1: Yes. Yes. That is exactly right. Yes. It's not about trying to memorize rules. It's not about memorizing, I should do this, I should do... No. You need to calm down. You need to, for instance, in that Lee was mentioning before, Paulette too. If you know who you are, how you react, you know that it would be easy for you to trip again on the same pattern, the same mistake that you, you made in the past. So let's try to be better. Let's try to control our emotions a bit more. Let's breathe, you know? And then your reaction is going to be much more moderated, and the consequences of that are also going to be more in the line of harmonious, you know? Because don't we feel bad when we know that we make a mistake, when we overreacted, when we said something that we shouldn't? Uh, how do we feel when we make a mistake like that, in general? Anyone? Please take the mic.

[07:58] Speaker 1: When we know that we failed, that we did something wrong

---
Generated by AudioConvert.ai | Free, accurate audio transcription. (Watermark removable.)