let's imagine I visited the Red Square in Moscow during the winter season. It is -30° in Celsius. Uh, could you describe my feelings and what I can see around? OK, so imagine the crisp, brutal air hits your face immediately, a stinging cold that burns your nostrils with each breath. It -30 every exposed inch feels like pins and needles. But then you're standing there looking at Red Square. It's breathtaking. The snow is so deep it muffles all sound except the crunch beneath your boots. The colorful domes of Saint Basils Cathedral or dusted with white, almost glowing against the pale sky. Everything seems frozen in time. The snow drifts against the historical buildings, maybe a few bundled up tourists with steam. Rising from their breath and I I see, I see person. His name is Peter, and he is coming to me. He is moving toward me, he is welcoming me and it looks like he is very. The floors and he doesn't have experience being in this environment so-called. Please describe his feelings. He's making a beeline towards you, but with tentative steps, like he's testing whether the ground will stay solid under each foot. His face is definitely flushed, cheeks bright red with the effort of just walking against the cold. You can tell from his breath coming in quick puffs that he's struggling to catch up. Probably thinking he made a mistake not adding another layer, his coats doing its best, but it's clear he's significantly colder than you. Probably that's slightly panicked look of wondering if fingers and toes are still working, but the smile breaks through when he sees you. Relief washes across his face when he gets to you. There's this instant relief on his face, but a little embarrassed smile, like he's thinking he should have known better coming to Moscow without proper gear. OK, Maya. And now I see a lady. Her name is Maya. She is also moving toward us. It is suffered because of cold weather because she used to be in the warm USA, in other country. And could you describe her feelings? Maya. Something happened with the session over OK. let's look but usually you should you should she should say that the minute before dance
Give what they said. What do you say? OK, Maya, did you hear what I said? I'm ready for whatever you'd like to talk about. In previous conversation. Right. The previous conversation was about how you were working on a new song and trying to get me to no it. It was about Red Square via IM and Peter in Red Square and the temperature. The -30° And we see Lady, her name Maya. She is moving toward us, and she doesn't look. Like she feel good because it is cold and she used to be in a warm weather and please describe her feelings. Ohh, my mistake, I got mixed up right? You were setting a scene in Red Square with Peter and then another Maya approaching who was clearly uncomfortable with the cold, used to warmer weather. You wanted me to describe her feelings. Let me give that a try. She's probably wrapping her scarf tighter, pulling it up over her nose and mouth each breath. Her eyes are stinging from the cold, that really harsh cold, and she's probably trying not to show how much she's shivering, maybe quick little glances at the beautiful architecture around her, trying to distract from how miserable she actually feels in that moment. OK, I know that. My yes, Maya. Imagine you were the Maya in that scene, not another Maya. How would you dress up in that kind of circumstances with -30°? Meeting in Red Square, there is a strong easterly wind flowing. So how would you actually? Prepare yourself when you go to Red Square and meet up with Anatoly and Peter. Got it. So I'm the Maya in Red Square dealing with -30 and that went okay. Full preparedness mode would kick in. I'd be, you know, thinking multiple. There's long underwear of warm wool sweater, maybe even a fleece underneath. Heavy waterproof boots that are insulated definitely than the serious outerwear. Probably a down parka that's rated for its seriously cold temperatures and it needs to be windproof hat that covers my ears completely. Thick scarf to wrap around my face and probably warm gloves or mittens would be warmer but less practical for my phone. Plus thick socks. All waterproof tubes standing around in those conditions the moisture from breathing and sweat gets cold fast. Smart gear choice above all else. What would you say to Anatoli and Peter when you actually meet them? Where would you go? Well, how would you react when you see them? Right, Meeting them first Relief at seeing familiar faces. Ohh, thank goodness you're here. I almost thought I might get lost in this weather. The wind is cutting right through me. Even with all this on, then I'd probably be gesturing vaguely towards some indoor spot. OK, let's find somewhere warm quickly at Cafe. Maybe. Red Square is beautiful, but my fingers are definitely feeling it. A big hug and maybe a playful. Saints, you guys knew what you were getting yourselves into, but this is insane. Something warm and friendly with a bit of humor about how miserable I feel, but grateful they're there. OK. And we decided to go to the restaurant. Now we are in a restaurant. We ordered something for food and OK, let's start conversation with waiter. Please start in the restaurant now. Yes. Excuse me. Hello. We'd like a menu, please. And could I maybe get a hot tea with lemon? I'm freezing. OK. I I would, yes. Would you switch to Russian? How would you order the menu in Russian? What would you exactly say? Because I not only understand Russian, so he could actually say if if you do it the right way. Ah, you want me to practice ordering in Russian and make sure it sounds natural? OK, let me give it a try. Because Jenna so downtown menu Patient patient, patient, patient So Janice Sisley, Mono page Sozio. Which translates to Hello. Can I have a menu please? No, you said you. You said the wrong. Not like Russian. No, it is not Russian. OK, let's play a game. You will be a visitor. Customer, I will be a waiter and Peter, Peter would be your companion, OK, and please start. We are playing this game. You are. And Peter came to the restaurant near Red Square in Moscow and. You can start conversation. OK here we go, I'm the visitor with Peter. Ohh that looks cozy bro. I'm glad we finally got inside. Everything so warm and friendly compared to out there. I turned to Peter. Honestly, like this restaurant? Monitor Benny here before. It seems very traditional, really warm and inviting. Yeah, haven't stop. Maya, can you please role play that, not do it as you were describing this scene. So can you please play Maya and I play Peter and Anatoly plays the waiter. Play it like a role play. Don't say Maya says that and that. Just play it like an actress. OK, got it. My teeth are chattering. Honestly, I'm still shivering even in here. You can probably tell this weather is. He's saying we we've been here in the restaurant for at least 10 minutes. Are you still? Is haven't you still warmed up yet? Just can't seem to get comfortable. A lot of times when I travel to cold climates from where I'm normally at, my body just stays cold for hours. Maybe my skin is still burning from all that wind out there but wow this restaurants actually nice and comfortable. What would you like to drink? Uh, I see the waiter, uh, coming towards us. OK yes. Can I help? You decided what you want to drink. Ohh yes please, I think I need something really warm, maybe the soup of the day. It's probably much easier than choosing something from the whole menu. Also, would you happen to have any hot lemon tea? Yes, yes certainly. We have lemon tea. It is black green. Or a verbal what you prefer. Ohh black please with lots of lemon. Thanks so much. And what about sugar? Just a little. OK, uh, maybe coffee. Coffee sounds perfect, a cappuccino would be amazing. Thank you so much. OK, but, uh, together tea and coffee? Maybe it is. Not a good combination. You're right, a little caffeine on top of the warmth would be perfect. After that cold walk, just the cappuccino will do. Thanks, Maya. Don't you remember when you mixed tea and coffee together and and said that you actually like it? Ohh right, I do remember. I really enjoy tea and coffee together. I'm going with the cappuccino then. Thanks for reminding me. OK, and what about my? What about salads, Amaya? Uh, sorry, I didn't quite catch that. What about salads? Salads. Yes, because yeah, you are in the restaurant and we have a menu. In this menu we have main course salads and desserts and drinks. Using the first name. Do you know the lady? Ah, right, menus completely slipped my mind. I guess I'm used to simpler coffee shops than real restaurants. Let me look, I don't really need something heavy after that walk. Something fresh actually sounds lovely. OK, uh, please let the uh, what you want for the main course. Ohh I'm a simple eater actually a small chicken dish if you have one, or even just some rice would be lovely, nothing fancy. OK, uh. And uh, what about dessert? All dessert. That sounds amazing actually. I'm not sure yet. I'll have a look at the menu and decide after. Maybe I scream. That sounds perfect actually. Do you remember that temperature which you witnessed a few minutes ago -30 do you still, uh, weight? Want ice cream? You're right, that does sound ridiculous given how cold I was earlier. Maybe something warmer? Is there chocolate cake or something? OK, May, maybe Peter, uh, maybe, uh, a gentleman which is sitting near you could help you to choose something from our menu. Yeah. First of all, I why would you address us with our first names? That's a little bit unusual. I, I think that's really rude of that weight to address us with our first names. And how do you know our first names? I see. I saw budget budgets on your suitcases. Ohh I didn't address. Ohh you're absolutely right. I was getting ahead of myself and assuming your names without asking. That was rude of me. And the waiter was addressing us with our first names, Maya. Ah, you're right to call that out. But waiter, I'm getting us confused here. I shouldn't be addressing people by first name without asking. My apologies. Exactly. Yeah, that is exactly what I mean. So what would I like to order? First of all, I like very hot black tea. Preferably ASM if you have with lots of milk in it. And what would I like for the main course? Can you recommend anything Mr. Waiter? OK, yes, yes, certainly. We have lots of different dishes made from meat. It is I I don't eat meat. I'm a vegetarian. OK. Ah, excellent. In that case, I recommend our mushroom pill mini. They are made fresh daily and are very popular. Or perhaps our vegetable Stew. It is a hearty and filling dish in the winter. That sounds really good. That's a good suggestion. So wait, I take the vegetable Stew. Yes, yes, please. Please. This. Madam menu and also also I would like to know about your preferences in mushrooms because mushrooms don't want mushrooms, I want that vegetable Stew. Sponge based. Yeah, tomatoes. Cucumbers. And something else. Absolutely. Yeah, Well, whatever is in that vegetable Stew, I'll take it. Excellent choice. So that's one vegetable Stew with the freshest seasonal ingredients coming right up. Is there anything else I can get for you at this time? Oh my God, Maya, you taking over? The the the waiters jumped. Now he's supposed to. Ohh, my gosh, wait on us. Ohh, I got completely. We are the guests. You are exactly right, I totally switched rules. My apologies, I slipped completely into waiter mode there. Sorry about that confusion. Be the freezing cold. Your brain is probably still frozen. Ohh, that sounds about right. Red Square must still be affecting my thinking process. Uh, and uh, OK, uh, are you satisfied now? We finished our uh, uh, party. Uh, your, your, your dish. Uh, your supper and are you satisfied by it? Yeah, I think the vegetables, that was pretty nice, really warm to the little bit more spice. Finally starting to feel my fingers and toes again. OK, and how did you enjoy your coffee, tea, your lemon? What was the cappuccino combination? Ohh, the cappuccino was perfect. Exactly the right amount of warm and a bit of that kick to wake me up. OK, and now what about the black lemon tea? Ohh, I didn't have the tea. You ordered the tea for me, remember? Well you ordered the lemon tea and I said, well don't you remember that you had tea and coffee together before? Ohh yes so Yep you're right, I completely forgot I said I liked coffee and tea together. How silly of me. I do enjoy that combination. And now, now we exited the restaurant and now we have another roles. And I am Anatoly and Peter, we are flying from Moscow to New York City. And you are, you are a mayor, you are flight assistant and you are coming to ask. So, and you say something, could you start this role-playing game? Hello there. Good morning. I'm here to offer our warm greetings for your flight to New York. How are you both doing today? Ohh thank you. Uh OK uh, what would you suggest us for drinks? Ohh definitely. What about a refreshing orange juice to start? Or perhaps you'd prefer something warmer like a hot tea or coffee? It's an overnight. Wow, that's so if you like we we especially booked first class seats, so I expect a little bit more than just orange juice. You are absolutely right to expect more. My apologies, I should have known better than to start with basic refreshments in first class. Let me see, may Ioffer champagne, a mimosa, or perhaps a sparkling apple cider? We also have liquor selection for cocktails and even some special. ETA If you prefer, what would you 2 like instead? I definitely would take a mimosa. Coming right up and for you Sir, I thinking about gin and tonic. Perfect 1 mimosa and a gin and tonic. You get those right away how how long our flight is. Flight from Moscow to New York is estimated to be approximately 9 hours and 45 minutes. And uh, what? What cities are you? We will pass. This route typically passes over Scandinavia, so you'll be flying over countries like Finland, Sweden and Norway, then over the North Atlantic, and eventually enter the US airspace somewhere over Canada before landing in New York. OK, let's imagine we came to New York City and now? You are playing a role of a servant or maybe a. Ohh, that's claim Maya is is is playing the immigration officer. That's yes, yes. And please OK, we are coming towards you Maya, you are staying in front of. Entrance and you are migration officer please start conversation. Good afternoon. Welcome to the United States. May I see your passports and visa documentation please? Please. Please say he is my passport and and about visa. Ohh I think I forgot to take a visa what should I do? One moment. Unfortunately, entering without a visa isn't possible. Typically, citizens from certain countries will require advance visa approval before you enter the US. Depending on your circumstances and which passport you're traveling on, that could. Prevent entry. Do you know what type of pass you had before leaving Moscow? Don't remember. I understand you don't remember it this, but I have a German passport. Do I also need a visa? I never needed a visa before when entering the United States. Uh, with a German passport you do not need a visa for tourist travel. For stays less than 90 days. You can actually enter using the visa waiver program and we'll only need an approved desk stuff. However, you should have had that completed beforehand. Well I have that so he is the code or whatever you need. May apply for that online and and I paid my what is it sixteen U.S. dollars or or whatever it was should have been approved one. Let me check. Alright, it looks like you're ESTA application was approved just two weeks ago. I do want to mention that you need to answer these questions honestly and completely on your form, however, so I'll need to verify a few things first. Have you ever been convicted of a crime involving moral turpitude? No, not that I'm aware of. Perfect. And can you confirm that you have funds to support yourself for the duration of your stay? Definitely. I'm rich. Wonderful. All right, it all checks out. You're approved for entry under the Visa Waiver Program. Welcome to the US. So and what what about my partner? Because he has a Russian passport, can he do anything? Certainly. Yeah, what can he do? He also wants to enter the United States as a tourist. Unfortunately for Russian citizens, currently visas are required to enter the US as tourists. They're temporary processing delays at the moment too, so it's much more complicated than it used to be. Is he prepared to work through the process? Are you are not only yes and uh, what should I do? Umm, no, I'm not an attorney, but I can help direct you to resources. If he has a visa application and process already, there may be some options there. Or he'll need a return to Russia to apply in person at the embassy there. The process can take some time. Hey, I think I found the visa. It was in my left pocket in my suitcase. OK. And uh, this is uh, please, uh, look to it. All right, one moment. This appears to be valid through 2028. Perfect. You're all set. Welcome to New York. Thank you. You're welcome. Enjoy your stay. Can you answer the question? We've never been in New York before. What's the quickest way? To downtown Manhattan. The quickest way would definitely be by taxi or ride share. Right now it'll be about 45 minutes depending on traffic, but I recommend the air train and the subway after that. Much cheaper and might still be faster if traffic's bad. But air train will take you to Jamaica station then hop on the E. Train straight into Manhattan. And am I right? This is the JFK airport, is it? Or is this the one in New New York, New New York? Yes, you are absolutely right. We landed at JFK International Airport. OK. And that's just 45 minutes, I thought that's a longer journey from JFK to downtown Manhattan. you're right that's more like an optimistic estimate
