[00:00] Speaker 1: This is the wall before I walked, actually walked down. So this is actually the beach where I stayed for four hours, and I actually stayed exactly here in the shade. Mm. This is, uh, on my way back, because when I went down there, that was early in the morning around 10 o'clock. It was... Well, I wouldn't say it was empty. There were already some people on the beach, but it was early in the morning. No, it w- must have been, well, around 10 o'clock, yeah, something like that. And there was here, uh, this was all in the shade, because this here on the side is all cliffs, really high cliffs. I don't know if you can actually see that, how high that is. Doesn't look that high from, from the image, but it is really high. Mm. And I, I was actually sitting here in the shade all the time and still got sunburned. Mm. And, uh, this was when I left, so it was pretty, pretty crowded. Because I left, there was almost no shade anymore. Can you see that here? Mm-hmm. Yes.

[01:04] Speaker 1: There are still a few people sitting. There were lots of, of people sitting in the shade, but some stupid people were sitting in the sun all day. I, I don't get that. And, and the sun, because, uh, the air is so clean, is, is, is, is really brutal burning down, you know? And as you can see, the water is really nice, especially on, in Newquay. It's crystal clear. Mm-hmm. See, this is, uh, the same picture, but can you see the difference in quality? This is, uh, the edited one. Mm-hmm. And because it's edited, uh, uh... Let me, let me go back. Uh, let me try the, this one. This is probably the original. It should say something else under enhance, not enhanced. This here, dynamic. That you have to use. And look at that. When I click on dynamic, this is exceptionally. Mm. Look, look the difference when I click on that. Mm-hmm. Can you see that? Mm-hmm. It's, it's... All of a sudden, it's really, really clear. You can see all the detail.

[02:12] Speaker 1: And then what you usually do, uh, uh, you put a, a, a little, uh, uh, uh, the brightness so you can actually see the, the cliffs, and the white point. Uh, so, uh, that's, uh, what I did. And they even have HDR effect. HDR means that you can see more details. That is actually all the way up, because I clicked on that enhancement. That is actually an HDR effect. It's not real HDR, uh, but it's a kind of a, an effect. Mm-hmm. But I don't... And, and you save a copy, so you still have the original, and it makes a copy. So this is really nice. Uh, I didn't know. I think it's pretty new, because, uh, most of the stuff is AI. Mm-hmm. How do you get back? Oh, there. Uh, discount. [coughs] See, this is the edited one. Can, can you see the details of the cliffs? You couldn't see that before, all the little stones there. Mm-hmm. And there is netting everywhere. Around here where we were sitting, everything is, uh...

[03:23] Speaker 1: They, they put nets, uh, on there, uh, steel nets, so if something drops down, I m- I, I mean, you could get killed when all of a sudden a whole stone... And, and you can see how brittle that is. It's, it's not granite like in Penzance. In Penzance you have granite rocks. They don't fall down. They, they are solid. But this is, uh... It's not sandstone. There, there is, uh, um... What's it called in English? Like, all these different layers, and in between there's sand, and that's the reason why it crumbles down. You know? Mm. Down here is a cafe that was very popular. I didn't buy anything because I actually... Uh, up there, here on this side, is a big Aldi, and I bought a lot there. And from the car park, because I saw that on a YouTube video, that's actually where you get the best view. Uh, I should probably have... Uh, here. This is Aldi, and this is the car park. Mm. No, the Aldi is, uh, uh, down here. Yeah. Mm-hmm. And as you can see, the cliffs are pretty high, no? Yes.

[04:34] Speaker 1: So in order to get down to the beach in, in, in Newquay, where we are right now, you have to climb down the, uh, the cliffs. And if you are not, uh... If you are old and you can't walk really well, I mean, this was, uh, the only beach where there was actually a road leading down, but it was really, really steep. Uh, usually you'd have just steps, and you have to climb down the steps. Climbing down is okay, but eventually you have to get up again. I think there is one beach where they actually have a lift, but the lift is for the hotel. So from the hotel you can use the lift right down to the beach, because the beach is everywhere. It goes around everywhere. You can't see it. Mm-hmm. Here on, on, on the right-hand side you can actually see the... This is a road, because, uh, the cafe is down there, so they actually, uh, they are, uh, uh, driving cars down there in order to deliver the goods, you know? And as you can see, it's, it's very flat. There's almost no waves at all.

[05:36] Speaker 1: So if you go there in autumn, you have very high waves, and you couldn't even be on the beach probably. And it was low tide. But as you can see, they are still standing up here. So it's very shallow and it's, uh... Yeah, and the water's clear, so you could actually see if there's a shark coming and leave the water. Mm-hmm. Because there are sharks. Mm. This is the Atlantic Ocean. And this is the most expensive hotel in, in Newquay- Uh, they've just refurbished this. This is sitting on the, almost on one of the highest points. Mm. But, uh, I think a night costs something like €500 one night, and going up depending on what you want. Mm. And this is where I was sitting, so this is a view. Mm-hmm. And there are, uh, uh, ca- can you see that, uh, here on the right they were allowed to use the bodyboards- Mm ... and they have flags.

[06:37] Speaker 1: So if they have the white and black checkered flags, uh, uh, uh, in between those flags, here, there you can see the flag, uh, you are allowed to use bodyboards. And, uh, in between the flags that are orange and red, you are only allowed to bathe. Because it's quite dangerous when they come in with their bodyboards. Although they are much smaller than the surfer boards, you, you can actually hit someone who's in the water. Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. And, and they tried it. Uh, uh, as you can see, the waves are pretty shallow, so they were actually waiting here outside. They were waiting for, for a wave to come in. Mm-hmm. And that is actually what I did when I lived in Penzance a lot. I, I was never lying on the beach. So I had a board, or sometimes I rented it. I had a very small board, that was not the best one, and I had that, uh, dry suit, that neoprene suit, because, uh, in winter, uh, the water can get quite cold.

[07:36] Speaker 1: So I don't know what the water temperature was, uh, probably above 20 degrees. But in winter it's, it's definitely below 20 degrees, and in Penzance it's colder anyway. In Newquay too. On the south side, it, it's a little bit warmer. Mm. And you have to wear these. Uh, so they were all wearing their, their surf suits, neoprene, or they have that other mat- I still have that suit. I probably don't fit in it anymore, but it's still hanging in my, in my closet. And I've actually checked it, uh, because they said, uh, it, it will, uh, uh, break apart, and it's ... This, the suit is from 19- around 1985, so imagine that. That's 15 years, uh, it's 40 years. It's over 40 years old, the suit, and it's [laughs] still okay. I don't know if it still works, if I actually put it on, if it falls apart, but it doesn't feel like that. So the material still feels okay.

[08:39] Speaker 1: Because, uh, what you have to do, if you used it in salt water, you always have to put it in fresh water so you get, get the salt out, otherwise the, the, the material deteriorates and it eventually becomes brittle. But it looks still pretty good. I, I ... Probably, as I said, I, I will not fit in it anymore [laughs] because that was over 40 years ago, so I was a little bit younger. Um, see, there you can see ... I don't know why it, uh, switched back. So this was where I sitting, and, and you can see that was in the morning. Everything up to here was in the shade. And can you see how steep that is? Mm-hmm. Yes. So th- this is basically just a road, and the last part here was covered in sand, and it was very slippery. All of a sudden you start to, to slip down, no? So you have to go up all the way, and, and when you see that little person up here, so it goes all the way up here. Mm-hmm. All, all the other beaches usually have just steps leading down, so you go, uh, down the steps.

[09:46] Speaker 1: Not like this one, because they, they had the ... They actually had, uh, uh, uh, toilets here and a bathroom, uh, because, uh, that's where the surfers are. And there you can see the flag, the, the white and black flag. So in between those it's allowed to, to body surf or, well, surf at all. You could even surf. See, and this is the cliff. Can you see that? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. This, this is actually w- where I was sitting under. And a- as you can see, it's not solid. It, it looks quite solid, but there are stones in there, and then there is kind of sand in there. And it's really dirty. It was really dirty. The, the, the beach, the sand was dirty, like there was, uh, dust in it. And as you can see, it's, it's, it's quite, uh, gray, no? Mm-hmm. Yeah, I zoomed that in. I don't know why I did that. This is actually early on, so we are g- kind of going backwards. This is actually taken from the car park where the Aldi is, the supermarket. Mm-hmm.

[10:58] Speaker 1: And that was, uh, a tip from one of the YouTube videos. They said ... And, and you can actually look pretty far. And there you can see that again, where you have to walk down. And this was, uh, uh, because it was just opposite the train station, I arrived at 9:29, uh, 25, so this must have been before 10 o'clock in the morning. And as you can see, the beach is s- almost empty. Mm-hmm. This is where I was sitting. I don't know why they fenced this off, if you have to pay in order to sit there or so, and they didn't even have the flags out at that time because no one was surfing. And, uh, up here is, uh, where the lifeguards are. So they actually have a, a, a public announcement system and if someone leaves, uh, the, uh, uh, flagged areas, uh, they shout out. They say, "Okay, leave that area." Or someone was trying to attempt to jump here from the cliff into the water, and they said it's dangerous because as you can see, it's, it's pretty flat here, no? So, uh, this was early.

[12:01] Speaker 1: So there was the incoming tide, so the water wasn't even up to here because later on, as you might remember, the water was up to here. And then someone tried to jump down here from the cliff into the water, and it is very shallow. Mm-hmm. This is, uh, the other side. Yeah, again here. And it's... It all looks... Uh, sometimes they have caves under the cliffs here, uh, but that's really dangerous. You should always have a guide because when the tide is coming in, you might get cut off. Uh, and some of the caves are really deep, going, uh, deep, very deep inside the, the, the cliffs. So you can walk very far. There is actually a big cave, uh, uh, where you can actually walk down, and it's almost like a huge hall. Uh, that should be interesting, uh, maybe one day. But I'm not really so keen on Newquay. Newquay is more for younger people. There's a lot of action, and if they don't have the, the surf events, it's almost dead. Mm. But they have...

[13:09] Speaker 1: So this is actually where you arrive in Newquay. That is Newquay station. A- as you can see, they, they have a building, uh, uh, uh, because, uh, there was that event, that music event going on. Mm-hmm. And they were checking. There was a lot of police here. And when I came back, I felt so ill because my blood pressure was probably so much down. And this, uh, those tents were actually made for the personnel of, of British Rail. And I asked them, and they had benches under there, and I said, "Is it possible that I can actually sit there because I almost fainted?" And they said, "Yeah, of course. No problem. Just sit there." And all of a sudden, more people were sitting there. [laughs] So I was waiting for the train because I, I, I couldn't walk anymore 'cause it was so hot. Mm. And, well, probably my blood pressure was down, so I, uh, almost felt like I was, uh, dropping down. This is also branch line, but this is a very long branch line.

[14:05] Speaker 1: So it takes almost an hour to get from Newquay to the main line. And this is really interesting in spring, uh, because they have rhododendron trees, almost rhododendron forest everywhere. So, uh... And, and they come very close to the trains. I have a few pictures, but this was summer, so you c- can't really see that. Uh, this is on the way to Newquay. Mm. Yeah, almost, uh, all videos. Uh, and as you can see, it looks very dry. And, uh, what reason- This is, uh, the supposed cross-country ... why, why, uh, why you, uh, moved to, uh, Newquay? Also just to see this lake, uh, Stocker? Well, Newquay is so different from the rest of Cornwall. Newq- Newquay is, uh, uh, uh... They have all these surf shops. Uh, it's more like an American town. It's, it's... Uh, although they have more or less the same buildings, but, uh, as you, as you could see, it's, it's very popular with people who are active, uh, uh, because they have all these... Uh, and I haven't even shown you because I, I went...

[15:20] Speaker 1: didn't go to Fistral Beach where the, uh, actually the surf championships are on. That is a huge beach. Uh, it's around the corner, uh, the cliffs, but that is to walk very far, and I wasn't able to walk that far. And, uh, that's where the, the high waves are usually. That's where they hold the championships. And that was also where the, uh, the music event was. And I was lucky. As I said, uh, the day before, they had 50,000 people in. Even on the day I was in, later on, uh, uh, uh, even in the morning, there were so many people in the town. It's a small town. It used to be a fishing town. It's a very small town. I think they have... Uh, if, uh, if only local people w- people were living there, it's even smaller than Penzance. Penzance, when I lived there, had 22,000 people, local people who were actually living in Penzance, not counting the tourists. Newquay at that time had something like 15,000 or even less. And, and, uh, imagine that all of a sudden there are 50,000 people.

[16:29] Speaker 1: So, uh, all the high streets, everything was filled with people, people everywhere. Mm. This is again... Well, on my way back, I took a few photographs. This is from above because what I like about Plymouth is, uh, they have all these un- under, uh... What are they called? Underways, so you can walk under the road. Mm-hmm. Kind of. Uh, and, uh, the good, uh, what I like about Plymouth, they have the pedestrianized area because, uh, the Armada Parade is everything is pedestrianized. It's only, uh, uh, uh, people on foot. Cars, well, they are running outside, but, uh, I think in Devon and Cornwall, it's, uh, the only... Well, and Plymouth is a city. It's not a town. Uh, uh, uh, it's, uh, the, the only, uh, uh, city that they actually have the pedestrianized, uh, Armada Parade. In all... Exeter's also a city. Uh, I think in Exeter they don't have that. There are cars everywhere. You are on your footpath, very small footpath very often, and then you have the traffic everywhere. Mm-hmm.

[17:46] Speaker 1: So, uh, for that matter, I like r- really Plymouth. As you can see, they, they have al- uh, also wider roads. As, as I said, Plymouth was pretty much flattened during the Second World War, so it, it looks more like an American town. Uh, this is a video from the Tamar Bridge, but I think you've seen it, no? Did- didn't, didn't we make a phone call? Uh- That's the Tamar Bridge. So I'm, I'm traveling on- Yes, yes. I- ... on the Bluebell Bridge ... I, I, I saw, yes, uh, very quickly And this is, uh, what they many, many years later. That is just for the cars. And that's a toll bridge, so you have to pay when you get over. And this separates ... This is, uh, this should be the, the Cornish, uh, Cornwall part. And, uh, th- this is, uh, the Tamar, uh, River. It's a tidal river so it doesn't look very much, but it's a wide river because it was low tide. See, this is all filled with water, but it was low tide, and even the rivers didn't have much water.

[18:54] Speaker 1: So this flows into the Atlantic Ocean and this is, uh, well, practically under the bridge. Well, uh, not the main bridge. That is shortly before you actually get to the bridge, to the Tamar Bridge. Mm-hmm. St. Austell, uh, is, is, is a bigger city. Not very interesting, uh, but they have a cinema and they have a very big theater. Mm-hmm. Uh, this must have been Asda. I don't even know where that was. Oh, this is, uh, this is on the Devon side when after you passed over the Tamar Bridge. Uh, Asda is a big, big supermarket chain. One of the biggest. Oh, and now we're coming to Penzance at last. Penzance welcomes you. Can you read this here? Mm, yes. No, under there. Penzance- But it's not English ... uh, a gas, uh, dy- dynas. It is not English. That is Cornish. Ah. They actually, on radio, uh, they actually also have news in Cornish. Cornish is a dead language, but that was, uh, the language originally spoken in Cornwall, not English. Mm-hmm. Same in Wales.

[20:12] Speaker 1: In Wales, uh, nowadays most people speak English, but in Wales they speak Welsh. Welsh has nothing to do with English. Mm-hmm. And the same with Scotland. Mm-hmm. So, and in a moment ... See, this is the actual plant. This is not AI generated. This is where I took the pots from. Can you see the, the little bubbles on there? Mm-hmm. That was next to the, uh, big granite, uh, thing. This is, uh, uh, where the train station is. Maybe I have another picture. And this was very nice. This is new. They put this down like a mosaic. You can see all the, all the names, all the Cornish name. Praa-Sands, Porthleven, Trevose Head, uh, Rinsey Head, uh, Hope Point, uh, and I have more. Uh, uh, Pendy Point, Mousehole. So this is where Penzance is. This is a big bay, and when you walk around here, you come to Mousehole. Mousehole is where the fishing harbor is, and that's still active. Mm-hmm. Uh, is, is, is a very ... I haven't been to, uh, Mousehole at, at, at all.

[21:36] Speaker 1: So they, they did the whole west of Cornwall. This is actually, uh, uh, the land, and I found that quite nice. Quite interesting. They, they had lots of artwork I have never seen before. This is all new. That wasn't there when I was there last time. So they doing a lot of rebuilding on ... This is the actual train station, so it's a rather big one. They even have that, uh, uh, bent roof. And as you can see, they have lots of palm trees. When I lived there, they didn't have those palm trees. They only had the yuccas. So, uh, these, this tree must be at least 40 years old. Mm-hmm. As you can see, th- this is probably a, a newer one, and this is a, a big one. This is a real big one. And this is, uh, the carport. Uh, behind there is, uh, the, the harbor. And this is also, uh, when I lived there, that wasn't here. They didn't have that. You ... It was just, just a car park. See, and now they have all these palm trees planted here.

[22:53] Speaker 1: This is the, where the train station is, and this is a huge car park. Mm-hmm. Because, uh, Penzance is popular, not as a tourist town, not where the people want to stay because it's so nice. Uh, this is where the ferry l- leaves to the Isles of Scilly, and many people want to stay on the Isles of Scilly. So there is, um, every morning, uh, there is a big ship le- leaving, and I tried to get a photo because it was just coming back, but, uh, my camera didn't want to work, so I think I didn't actually get the photo. See, and this is edited. Can you see the difference? Mm-hmm. This is the original photograph, and this is the one with dynamic. And this looks like it really looked. All the details. This is called HDR. There, there is something like, called HDR where you can see even the shadows. You can see all the details. Mm-hmm. See, again, this is the original, and this is ... And it was so, so dark because, uh, the, the sky was so intense. I mean, this was during the day.

[24:04] Speaker 1: That, this must have been around midday or so. But this, this looks more like it really looked. And even the, the palm tree's having a problem with the water. See again, this is, uh, the edited one Mm-hmm And I had my finger there. I don't know why. See again, this is the original. This is the, the one with dynamic. Little bit too much color, I think, but otherwise it looks good. Yeah, again, they have a kind of a promenade, so you're basically walking here. But as you can see, the, the footpath is very small and, and there's traffic everywhere. And this is when, uh, there is, uh ... This is a, a dry dock, and, and you can walk up here. So Penzance is also a, a lot of climbing. Here, uh, is where the cars goes up, and this is really steep. Some cars even don't make it. I've actually once seen a car, they, they actually had to push it up. It couldn't get up. And here's where the, the people walk. Mm-hmm. See, this is a, a, a dry dock.

[25:20] Speaker 1: Uh, they have a lot of, of ship building because, uh, this is, uh, behind here is where I worked. This is the harbor. And I didn't really get a good shot of Mount's Bay. So this is zoomed in from the other side. Uh, and it's really blurry. I don't know what happened because it was so far away. This is actually a video, so maybe that's, uh ... So that's Mount's Bay. The equivalent is, is Saint Mon- uh, Saint, uh, Mount Saint-Michel in France, but that's much bigger. Mm. That's a sea wall. And in winter, the waves getting very high, and the water sweeps over the sea walls. So you walk around here. These are old buildings. They are all built of granite. They have very really thick walls. And this is actually where I worked as a cafe manager. So this is a swimming pool built into the Atlantic Ocean, so they let the water in from the Atlantic Ocean to get fresh water. And then you can bathe in here. They have cabins here.

[26:37] Speaker 1: The original building, when I worked there, they, they have teared down. Now they have something that looks a little bit more ugly. Uh- Uh, previous photo- This is the promenade. Yes. Previous photo reminded me, uh, photo of, uh, Brighton Beach in Second Life. Mm. See, and, and there used to be a building here built of granite. They teared it down, and now I think this is, uh, uh, still, uh, uh, a part of the old building. Uh, and this was all the cafe where I worked as a cafe manager. Mm. Doesn't really look that nice, but well, that's the way it is. I don't know why they ... I think this is still the original part because I looked inside. They, they have the kitchen in here, uh, and it looked like it, uh, behind this here is, uh, still the, the old building. The problem was ... I think I took a photograph. Can you see the difference? Difference? Original. Uh, yes. Edited. Mm-hmm. So that's where all the cabins is.

[27:48] Speaker 1: You can rent them, and then you can change, and then you can, uh, go into the water. They have a lifeguard. Here's a lifeguard on duty. And ... Well, I think I took a photograph. So the problem was the entrance to the kitchen was on the side, and sometimes when there were really high waves, I couldn't even get into the kitchen because the water was actually splashing against the door. So I had to wait when the wave went out, and then I had to open the door and get in and close the door. Mm. And, and now there is no door anymore on that side. That, that's a good choice. Maybe that was the reason or, or the building ... Yeah, I don't know because it was built of granite. Mm. This is where I actually celebrated my, uh, 66th birthday. That is The Turk's Head. Uh, this is really old. This is from the 13th century. Mm. The, the pub was built, uh, 1300 something. And as you can see, the walls, everything. And it hasn't changed anything.

[29:00] Speaker 1: I mean, the last time I've been in [laughs] there was 16 years ago, and it still looks exactly the same. Maybe because it's under convers- uh, conservation, they are not allowed to change anything. It was exactly the same, even the colors. The ceiling, uh, very narrow ceilings, all everything painted in red. The beams are, are painted in black, so it's, it, it looks pretty dark. Mm. Uh, see, that I've tried to enhance, and even that couldn't do very much. That, that's a fireplace, uh, and they're probably still using it. So it's a pretty big pub. There's the inside. This is where you come in, and it's actually below, uh, the street level. So it's, uh, you have to walk down. And this is actually the place where I also sat on my 50th place day. Mm. Uh, 50th, uh, birthday. And there you can see me. I look like I'm drunk.

[29:59] Speaker 1: [laughs]

---
Generated by AudioConvert.ai | Free, accurate audio transcription. (Watermark removable.)